README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing
- Login Form
- Sign Up Form
- Form Validations
- useRef Hook
- Firebase setup
- Deploying app to firebase production
- Create user in firebase using sign up from app
- Implement sign in user api
- Setup Redux store
- Create user slice and update it on action from sign in and sign up
- Implemented Sign Out
- Update user profile with name and photo in firebase
- Unsubscribed onAuthStateChanged callback
- Register for TMDB API & create an app and generate api key, token.
- Fetch data from TMDB 'now playing' movies list API.
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create Movie Slice in redux
- Planning design for Main and Secondary container
- Custom hook for fetching trailer video
- Update store with trailer video data
- Embed the YT trailer video and add autoplay and mute
- Styled main container

# Features

- Login/Sign Up
  - Sign In/Sign Up Form
  - Redirect to Browse page
- Browse (after authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Trailer in Background
    - Title & Description
  - Movies Suggestions
    - Movies List \* N
- NetflixGPT
  - Search Bar
  - Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

Secondary container with movie lists hooks

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

- Create React App
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing
- Login Form
- Sign Up Form
- Form Validations
- useRef Hook
- Firebase setup
- Deploying app to firebase production
- Create user in firebase using sign up from app
- Implement sign in user api
- Setup Redux store
- Create user slice and update it on action from sign in and sign up
- Implemented Sign Out
- Update user profile with name and photo in firebase
- Unsubscribed onAuthStateChanged callback
- Register for TMDB API & create an app and generate api key, token.
- Fetch data from TMDB 'now playing' movies list API.
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create Movie Slice in redux
- Planning design for Main and Secondary container
- Custom hook for fetching trailer video
- Update store with trailer video data
- Embed the YT trailer video and add autoplay and mute
- Styled main container
- Build Secondary component for movie list by themes
- Movie card
- TMDB image CDN Urls integration

# Features

- Login/Sign Up
  - Sign In/Sign Up Form
  - Redirect to Browse page
- Browse (after authentication)
  - Header
  - Main Movie
    - Trailer in Background
    - Title & Description
  - Movies Suggestions
    - Movies List \* N
- NetflixGPT
  - Search Bar
  - Movie Suggestions
